hello friends just to eat something
I'm going to tell you about the technical characteristics of detention in the background
been watching these days
many things that we can do with it but we do not know which game have a
seal may contain but as not
well, you have to know that in terms of connectivity they have gprs
in these of Germans
i efe
in the pirineo wi-fi I go out and prudently because jorge get lost
like innocents and I want to see red youtube videos browse web pages
any use wifi of the many that are open public hello that
I have at home or office
as if it works perfectly and at a very very speed
watching videos from youtube for example in front very perfectly without any
lock
likewise and in terms of storage or there are two models for none of those
days and another one that lets you know how it is that you are recently 16 gigas in 16
gigas very little is imagine coast of a lot of music a lot of film
you can do a lot of photos with the wardak compose a lot of programs
we value the drift that a teenager
miranda debates so galactic for example will cost chapter past has
formed the composed busy
basically in two sleeves
ceses that could take 30 to 40 chapters apart from my music
bracho there will be peace left with 16 gigas we are
per cent as you know the activity has gprs and wi-fi but also brings light
which can tell you love the books of the car or morocco claim personado
other devices with external gps
gps note
percent that is rumored is that it will come out shortly with can be seen
it could be that the will incorporate and this are assumptions a screen and a
front camera to know and offer texts are
in unconfirmed rumors I still can not confirm
I hope you liked hard of the law and we remain high